all right
today in online drawing we will draw the
face of a woman a little stylized
teenager and we'll see some
differences with respect to the face of
adult we start by drawing a circle
we drew a line from the middle this one
will help to draw the face in a way
symmetric then we draw two lines
slightly inclined
for the face as the
chin gets smaller as a
Water drop pointing up
then we draw this horizontal line
very close to the circle and then starting
from these points the face becomes more
pointy all this part is similar to
an equilateral triangle but a little
flattened by removing the tip we obtain
the chin for being a woman
we draw the neck thinner than the
face at this time we already have in
basic the drawing of the head
to draw the eyes we measure all the
head from the chin to the
crown and divide it into two parts
but at the top it will be
slightly larger before
teach us that the human head measures
equal of the eyes up that of
the eyes down but this varies
according to age for example a baby measures
more of the eyes upwards than of the
eyes down
this difference is fading in
childhood but it's still that way in the
teenager hardly notice but also
measures more of the eyes up than of
the same ones down
another fundamental difference is that the
Eyes in the teenager look very big
because the face is not finished yet
grow here we draw them too
great to accentuate this difference
it should be noted so that you draw them well
that the points where it ends and the
eye must draw a diagonal the
nose will be as wide as the separation
between both eyes, we trace its outline
here we start with a circle that is the
tip of the nose
we mark the bottom part and draw
two lines the wings of the analysis are
they point outside and then towards
in
after drawing the mouth we draw the
these are the draw eyebrows far from
the eyes as you can see in the
Masculine face the eyebrows are very
near the eyes the further we push them away
of the most feminine eyes will look and
will also reduce the age from there this
separation the ears we draw them
small between the eyebrows and the nose
also the small ears can
indicate youth we aim last
that the jaw is very small and
pointy in a man is always more
big and square if you take into account
this the face that I draw will look more
youth
now we will draw in more detail
only it should be noted that as
about a woman
you have to use after your rounds and avoid
the abrupt breaks the hair
bulging will confer youth for this
reason this exceeds all this marked area
in red the abundant hair and the head
big confer youth
reviewing we have that big eyes
big head small jaw hair
bulging raised eyebrows thin neck
and rounded strokes are the formula for
draw a youthful and feminine face
immediately we indicate the shadows of
face with helped the light comes from
top right after indicating
the darkness in the hair
we make a coloring copy
we start with basic colors and plants
that simply indicate darkness and
light little by little we are making nuances and
placing more darkness where it
requires we light our eyes and go
molding little by little with the help of a
brush that does not work with all its
opacity and using the tool
finger photoshop to join the different
areas of shadows
then we light up the hair and we give the
last touches a colored like this can
take about three hours to add
details and give nuances but in the end
we get the desired result
we hope as always that this class will
it is illustrative comments dale like if
you liked subscribe to see more classes
drawing and check the links at the end
to see how other faces are drawn
it is also in the description follows
practicing and see you another time